hello how welcome are we to see the
back to the day I am all the hawk and
today I have a super simple recipe
and very good to show how easy it is
is to take the products of our
complete favorites and make a recipe
perfect today I want to bring you good a
Lentil cream is a clearly
you do pardinas that simply what
I did was pour a little garlic onion
leek carrot when we already have that
pochado we put a laurel leaf and
our lentils we cover with water and
we let cook approximately one hour
an hour and a half when we have already
our perfect lentils what we're going
to do is to pass it through a peat crushes
and then strain it
and we put a little cream and
we raise another boil so that it
incorporate well and make that cream
with which we are going to accompany him to take us
this ball in which it is made with
Spread cheese and pork paté
Iberian that we will answer it in the
background so that when we raise our
cream is going to start to dissolve and it goes
to bring a lot of enthusiasm to our plate
and it's going to give another flavor another nuance and good
and we have here an oil is an oil of
extra virgin olive that what I did is
put a little parsley in water
boiling I take it out we cool it in water
cold and we crush it with that we had it
for a colander and we already have an oil of
parsley
I really did not want to put too much
parsley because having such an oil
It is foolish to try to overshadow
this oil should be the protagonist of
our parsley oil then good
but if we go to the plated
first of all
let's catch our channel
take our cream
now let's put a little bit
of sherry vinegar
finally our parsley oil
I want to finish with a leaf of parsley
we already have a delicious lentil cream
thank you and see you next time
see what happens is to go around the day